{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2580
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red26\green26\blue26;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c13333\c13333\c13333;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww26020\viewh19920\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs48 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Dear Sir,\
\cb1 \
\cb3 Upon learning about the Full Stack Developer posting with Phase 3 Solution, I was eager to contact you with my interest. When reviewing the job description, I was excited to see how well my experience aligns with your company's needs and position requirements.\
\cb1 \
\cb3 As an adept Full Stack Developer, I have a well-rounded skill set in and honed talents, making me an ideal \uc0\u64257 t for the Full Stack Developer position. Further, I am a recognized expert in teamwork and a communicative collaborator. My previous roles have strengthened my time management and problem-solving capabilities, including keen attention to detail and accuracy. In this position of full-stack web development, I will create front-end development using Vue.js, React.js, Next.js, HTML, CSS, Tailwind framework, and for the back-end development I will use Laravel and Express framework.\
\cb1 \
\cb3 I am excited at the prospect of bringing my talents to Phase 3 Solution. Solving\'a0Capabilities Look forward to hearing from you at your earlier convenience to discuss how my experience and quali\uc0\u64257 cations will prove valuable in the Full Stack Developer role.\
\cb1 \
\cb3 Thank you for your time and consideration.\
\cb1 \
\cb3 Sincerely,\cb1 \
\cb3 MD Suruj Miah\cb1 \
01731364148\
surujmiah6896@gmail.com\
https://github.com/surujmiah6896\
\
\cb3 I've attached my cv for your reference.\
\
\
\
2. \
Dear Sir,\
\
I am excited to apply for the position of Software Engineer at Retina Soft. With over 3 years of experience in full-stack web development, I am impressed with how well my skills and expertise align with your requirements.\
\
In my career, I have successfully completed 35+ projects using technologies like Laravel, Express.js, Vue.js, React.js, Next.js, jQuery, HTML, CSS and Tailwind, including 2 approved CodeCanyon scripts. My work includes building scalable learning management systems, e-commerce, courier management system platforms and business applications and increasing system performance by up to 25% through optimized workflows, schedulers and database queries.\
\
Beyond technical expertise, I am recognized for my clear communication, strong leadership and teamwork, guiding teams to increase productivity while ensuring timely delivery of high-quality solutions. I am eager to bring these skills to Retina Soft, to drive innovation and deliver exceptional results.\
\
I welcome the opportunity to discuss how my 3+ years of experience and proven track record can add value to your team. Thank you for your time and consideration.\
\
Sincerely,\
Md. Suruj Miah\
\
\
3. Ignore	letter\
Subject: Request to Reschedule Missed Online Assessment \'96 MERN Developer\
\
Dear Hiring Team,\
\
I sincerely apologize for missing my scheduled online assessment on Friday, 29 August 2025 (8:00\'9611:00 PM). Unfortunately, I was unwell and unable to focus on the assessment.\
\
I truly appreciate the opportunity to be considered for the MERN Developer role at Nyntax and would be grateful if there\'92s any possibility to reschedule or arrange an alternative time to complete the assessment.\
\
Thank you for your understanding, and I apologize again for any inconvenience caused. I look forward to your guidance on next steps.\
\
Best regards,\
Md. Suruj Miah\
01731364148}